## Painful Energy

The power flow sounding crackle from before came back. It was now louder and quicker. I could now hear it simultaneously from different parts of the underground cathedral. From time to time, I could also feel the heat again. I grasped there must have been multiple stone and bubble-thingy fusions at the same time. Even just a few metres next to me. It sometimes felt like if you hold a hair dryer only a few centimetres in front of your skin. You can't bear this for longer than just a few seconds. Luckily, the fusions only took a glimpse of an eye. However, it did not make me feel less worried about my nearest feature!  
The third gust hit my body and made me lose my orientation immediately. I remembered my first surfing attempts when a huge wave slammed me off my board and swirled me around like the laundry in the washing machine. I was unable to distinguish top from bottom or vice versa. Gravity was offline, it seemed. Like now.  
Panic rushed back into my mind. My right elbow must have hit one of the stones. It burned like hell. It must have been covered by my own blood by now. I could hear my own panting. „This.. must be a very bad … joke...“. I barely could hear my own voice. I tried to find the energy to shout some ugly swearing after my last sentence. „Fu..!“ But I was stalled abruptly by the deafening crackle of a fusion nearby. Adrenaline rushed through my body. It felt like an electric shock. „Argh!!“ It must have been electricity! My left leg felt like it had caught fire. I tried to hit the pain dead with my hands. I was fighting like a capsized turtle. Only a few seconds later, another two fusions hit me. One on the feet and one on the neck. I was fighting desperately against the painful fires.  
My brain switched to hallucination mode and seemed to tear my senses away from my body. It felt like some nightmare and just for a moment, I expected to wake up in my bed with all the fires and electric shocks gone. It was almost like looking on my body from outside of myself. Me. Laying there and moving my hands like a maniac hoping to fight off all the bubbles or at least trying to make them fuse not directly on my body.  
Suddenly, some noise shattered everything around me. It was not an audible noise. It was something much more thorough. Something that also the hallucinating me was able to feel. It hit me and knocked out everything around me including my hallucination. All that was left was dark. Just dark.  
A faint, colourless light was illuminating the underground cathedral. It was barely enough to guide any path along the stairway. Silence. Nothing more than silence. There was something. The opposite of cold. But still, hot was not the right term to discribe it. Suffocating air was prevailing in the underground cathedral. What on earth would anyone make wandering around at such a place?  
I coughed up half of my lungs and spit several litres of a metallic tasting liquid. I was not able to feel any part of my body. Somehow, I managed to free my head from the backpack. My ears were ringing and my eyes spammed my brain with all sorts of strobing colours. Everything around me felt like an endless swirl. My stomach reacted by throwing up the last meal I must have had before I came here. The disgusting taste of stomach fluid, metallic tasting saliva and some faint olfactory leftovers of another brew that once must have been coffee made me realize that I can't have been dead. However, this only appeared to count for my torso. I couldn't tell if my legs or arms were still with me.  
For the first time after an estimated life time of the whole universe, I was able to open my eyes. My head pounded hard. Every pounding felt like a sonic boom smashing every piece of glass to smithereens. „What…?“ - The remaining words of the sentence I was not able to push out of my throat. I had no idea how I survived that glistening and burning helluva lightning freak show. I was certain to join my ancestors down here. But somehow, I was spared.  
„What the hell happened??“ I tried to move my head around to see after the lights. There were none. The stones were dark. Yet, I was able to realize that I was still laying on the stairway. With every move I made, my limbs came back to life. „Ouch!!“ My elbow and legs hurt like hell. I was barely able to move my right arm anymore. After i managed to drag myself to the other side of the stair stone, I pulled myself over the edge. For the first time, I could see the center of the light source. It had gone back to the same colourless emitting light like before. But it was only very small. No bubbles were hovering around. No visible fusions down there. Also the power flow cracking noise was gone along with the wind and light gusts.  
„The energy source! What the heck made it shrink so much?“ I tried to get up onto my feet. I felt pain in every angle of my body. I must have been full of bruises and possibly broken ribs. I reached out to my backpack but a pain worse than everything you can imagine held me back. After some more trying, I finally grabbed it. If picking up a backpack from the floor caused so much pain, how should I manage walking back up the whole stairway? „Step by step“. At least, that was what everybody kept telling me back then during our evenings with lots of philosophically exaggerated discussions after to much alcohol. Those parodies back then were much more fun than me carrying up the stairs my painful legs and broken ribs. Still, those memories made me smile for a moment. I had to keep my focus on those memories. They might support me against the pain.  
I fixed my backpack on my back. It took a while until I found a way to carry it without me feeling like committing suicide because of the painful compression to my ribs. „Damn myself! Why did I have be so careless? Fucking ribs! It will take ages until they will stop hurting! Ouch… not again!“ I stumbled over a stair stone and with my left hand I managed to withhold myself from falling once again. „Aaahhh!!! HELLO? ANYONE THERE? HEEEEELP“ I did not expect anyone to hear me let alone shout back something like: „Yes, we can hear you! We're a whole team of medics and we will be there in two minutes and carry you up and bring you to the new hospital for underground cathedral survivors that had been opened just in time for you!“ - Sweet phantasy blown away instantly by my panting.  
Looking upwards I noticed something shimmering faintly on the wall to the left. I dragged myself just a few steps further. The shimmering got more and more visible. After some more fighting against my ribs, I was standing in front of a small device. It was displaying something I knew better than many others on this planet. „How the hell…? Could it really be…? That's impossible…!!“  
I stood there. In front of the small device, I was way to familiar with. I felt paralyzed. In my brain, there were all sorts of theories zapping around. I could only speculate what must had happened. I felt like crying for one second but this was impossible! No way! „But that would explain why the energy source suddenly...NO! NO, NO, NO!! I must be completly nuts thinking something like that!!“

